Adjust package names and unify the API interfaces (#15)
serena-ruan/unitycatalog-ai: integrations/langchain/README.md

Now the function is created and stored in the corresponding catalog and schema.

#### Create an instance of a LangChain compatible tool
[Langchain tools](https://python.langchain.com/v0.2/docs/concepts/#tools) are utilities designed to be called by a model, and UCFunctionToolkit provides the ability to use UC functions as tools that are recognized natively by LangChain.

```python
from ucai_langchain.toolkit import UCFunctionToolkit

> # create a LangchainToolkit that include the above UC function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# create a UCFunctionToolkit that includes the above UC function
```

Author: good catch!
